9/14/2019	AmazonUK	5	Excellent	Husband says this is great for the price and is a great neat beard trimmer that’s easy to use and saves him going to the barbers
9/17/2019	AmazonUK	4	For edges and sideburns - compact and useful	This is an original and effective gadget - useful too It’s shaped like a cut throat  Opening it turns it on And it buzzes as expected The slot where the razor usually goes has a small clipper - with one speed It’s good for sideburns - slight shaping of the beard or moustache or using to finish and clean the back of the neck  It’s extremely compact - closes to inch and a half thick by about 3 inches in length with a nice velvet pouch  Overall this is very useful for shaping sideburns or trimming edges of a beard or moustache Not heavy duty - for edges and shaping only rather than trimming a beard
9/18/2019	AmazonUK	4	Cutting a fine line.	"Less cumbersome then the full size beard trimmers/cutters/combers, my son the one with the beard likes to keep it short and neat, he seems pleased with this surprise acquisition. ""Dad it does the job"". He said. It's Battery powered so doesn't add cost to your electricity bills!"
9/20/2019	AmazonUK	5	Great for precise trimming	"I like that this trimmer is shaped like a cutthroat razor, it makes it a lot easier to hold than bulky clippers. It's powered by AAA batteries so no need for charging. It's lightweight and has a slide on attachment for where the blade normally goes which can adjust the length or without shaves close to the grain especially for sideburns and the outlines of your 'stache and/or beard"
9/21/2019	AmazonUK	3	Not really good enough unless you're really stuck for space	"First of all this product is an absolute nightmare to unpack.  The battery falls out and the razor won't come out of the packaging.  Second,  the battery fitting isn't obvious and I have yet to work out how to get the cutting head 'mask' out of the handle.  The whole thing is got up like a cut throat razor from the side,  but from the front it's all a bit less elegant and a great deal more 'lumpy'.  It is very small for a beard trimmer and if you're going 'extra light' it could well be useful.  It is also quite an effective gadget for shaping your beard and it comes with a very nice travelling pouch.  However it's remarkably dear for a 'one trick pony' and the Phillips device is a fiver cheaper and has a lot more 'toys' to play with.  At this price I'd expect a rechargeable  device."
9/21/2019	AmazonUK	5	Great trimmer.	My Nephew is the only 1 in the family now with a beard. I got rid of mine last month after 20 years. I could have done with this then. It's a great little handy gadget to keep it nice and trimmed. Very easy to use once you put in a new battery. Open it up and it turns on. Close it it turns off. It's a great handy bit of kit for anyone with a scruffy beard that needs a trim. It came with a manual for I think every Country in the Word and only 2 pages are in English. Gets top marks from me of 9-10.
9/22/2019	AmazonUK	4	Good little trimmer	"The styling of this is great... I love how it looks like the old style barbers blade. When you open it, the power turns on. It trims quite nicely without the guards, and if required you can use the attached 3 or 5mm trim guards.  It is a small trimming area though so it is not the quickest, perhaps more suited for holiday use instead of taking a bulkier razor. This works on batteries too which is also good for travelling."
9/22/2019	AmazonUK	5	Lives up to Remington’s brand	"I decided to place this order for this Remington heritage foldout  beard plus  trimmer, because of Remingtons brand and quality  in men’s grooming.. this fold out beard plus trimmer simulates the appearance of  a cutthroat shaver, but has safety in mind for a novice user.  The fold out trimmer feels great quality  as you would expect of Remington‘s brand. This foldout beard plus  trimmer  has three cutting lengths the longest length being 5 mm the second being 3 mm and then just the blade for neck trimming and defining your lines of your beard and sideburns.  The comb which gives you the five and 3 mm cut  depending on which setting you have selected with the comb can also be used for trimming your eyebrows as well as keeping your beard well groomed.  I am impressed in how easy it is to use this trimmer in the style Remington have used gives a good comfortable control, from tidying your neck your sideburns eyebrows and as I mentioned before keeping your beard tidy even down to those fine defining lines. What I especially like about this  is is I am  fully comfortable in using this being that I am visually impaired and I have no worries in cutting myself with this  trimmer. Once you have finished with your grooming session, you just place the foldout trimmer back in the pouch which comes in the box. I am well satisfied with this product and would recommend it."
9/23/2019	AmazonUK	5	Remington MPT1000 trimmer leaves you tidy and fresh	"Remington MPT1000 trimmer leaves you tidy and fresh. This is great, you can get a precision shave with a nice small handheld shaver, its so much less bulky than the normal trimmer. I liked that its battery operated as I have enough charging plugs in my house already, but be warned in aaa, the battery does seem to last well. It comes with a handy cover that you can keep it in. My only issue was getting the guards out, as they are tucked in a little too well."
9/24/2019	AmazonUK	4	really simple to use.	The perfect give for any man who is currently sporting the Beard fashion-smart retro packaging too works simply opens out and is super easy to use. Love the presentation. the boys here have loved trying it and keeping groomed with it.
9/26/2019	AmazonUK	4	Cuts like a knife	Well that's a nice wee gimmick.  A beard trimmer that looks like a cutthroat razor.  Definitely one for the hipsters out there as it's battery operated and they can whip it out in their favourite salon if they feel a hair get out of place.  To be honest it's not as good at trimming as my regular beard trimmer but it does a decent enough job.  It's very compact so you can take it anywhere but it is really for a touch up job rather than the full trim.  But it looks good.
9/17/2019	Argos	5	Works like a dream	Compact beard trimmer in the style of a cut throat razor. 
9/22/2019	Argos	4	Great gadget for quick and easy style	This is a great little gadget for quick and efficient beard trimming. You don’t need to mess around with little bits and turning it on etc it literally unclips and turns on to do the job. Would definitely recommend for a stylish and quick beard trim.
9/23/2019	Argos	5	Compact sleek electric barbers trimmer	A small compact little electric razor that takes one AAA battery! It includes a blade guard for adjustable trimming lengths and the unit itself is small and compact. It powers on when the razor is opened 90degrees or more and really is an awesome piece of kit that is so handy to carry around in my bag for weekends away. I love the carry bag that comes with and the sharpness of the blade to get a nice clean finish! Very impressed and highly recommended! A cool take on traditional barber razors
9/23/2019	Argos	5	A Handsome Cut Throat Style Trimmer	"A very handsome cut throat style (battery operated) trimmer which not only looks great but also does a good job. A handy travel bag, just unfold & start trimming (no on/off switch making it lighter). Single height adjustment included which makes it great not only for beards but sideburns too. Would higly recommended if you are always on the move and need to smarten up real quick."
9/24/2019	Argos	3	Ok for a weekend away	"I got the Remington for my husband it is a battery powered trimmer and takes one aaa battery. He said he Found it ok for trimming the edges of his beard, but thought it lacked power and didn’t trim the edges as close as he liked he thought the design was handy and was small enough for taking away."
9/25/2019	Argos	4	Very handy	"It's a very nice design. It's handy to carry around and easy to use. But only really does the one thing, if that's what you want, it's great."
9/27/2019	Argos	1	Just doesn't cut it!!!!	Sadly this product just had no impact on my husband's beard! Literally made no difference at all. Great design and ease of use and fab for on the go if only it actually trimmed the hair.  Very disappointed.
9/29/2019	Argos	3	A compact trimmer	"This trimmer is quite small and easy to store. It is quite noisy when in use. Does the job though, my husband thinks it's great for trimming his sideburns and stray hairs."
9/29/2019	Argos	4	Compact and versatile	"A great little trimmer. It has been designed to look like a cut-throat blade meaning its easy to hold and manipulate into different angles and positions. Its comfortable to handle too. Being small and battery operated means it portable so can be used anywhere and makes it perfect for travelling. Comes with a manual but is self-explanatory and very easy to use. Makes a buzzing noise but it's not loud. Perfect for trimming and neatening up beards, moustaches, sideburns and the nape of the neck."
10/3/2019	Argos	4	Great little shaver	"This is a great little shaver for tidying a beard or undercut on hair with different lengths available to use. Only flaw is it turns on as soon as you open it, there isn't an on/off button. Looks really stylish and easy to carry around for travel."
